Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Claire. if you could say
one thing
to all the viewers at home
watching...
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
what would you want
to say to them?
Construction.
We can't hear you. I mean.
we can't hear it. Don't worry.
Even if we can hear it.
doesn't matter.
Do you believe in Astrology?
Yeah. dude. Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Don't worry. don't overthink it.
Just be natural.
Just be natural. okay?
You want me to stop recording?
Um. does your family...
so. does he support you a lot?
So your dad only supports you
financially?
And you don't consider that
to be support?
But you don't want to try?
You know. it's funny.
'cause Tony Robbins
isn't really seen as
a spiritual teacher.
I think you have to lock up.
It's pretty cool you have
your own elevator.
Are you excited that you're
making your documentary?
I think it will.
You're 75% from North America?
I'm so confused.
So there's Southeast Asians.
there's Indians...
And then this is the culture
of North America?
I really think
I'm missing something.
You're not a Buddhist. are you?
So you're 72% Native American
is what you're saying?
Okay. cool.
I think he's just sitting there.
Okay.
I'm gonna get across the street.
okay?
Claire?
Come here. sorry.
Um...
No. no. uh...
Zen Buddhism isn't really
Chinese. like...
You said that you were looking
for a Chinese Buddhist Temple.
But. like.
if you're looking for...
Like. Zen is Japanese.
I mean. I'm just
supposed to observe.
But I didn't want you to
be embarrassed again.
I don't get embarrassed.
So let's say
you attain enlightenment.
You're very close to it?
Okay. so. you...
Can you feel --
You're close to it?
The enlightenment?
What does it look like?
I think you still have
my mic pack.
No. yeah.
but we need the mic pack.
Yeah.
Not when we're asleep.
I have to charge the battery.
Does that work?
I'm just gonna come down.
No. I got this.
I don't know if I really see it
that well.
Claire?
So. source. right? Does she mean
where it comes from?
So you see that waterfall
over there?
That's probably...
where it comes from.
Up this way.
Uh. 'cause it comes from
a high place.
'Cause. you know.
gravity and shit.
Thank you!
It's been a while now.
No. sorry.
I mean. yeah. uh. no. good.
Wait -- wait -- wait for me!
Okay. Claire. maybe...
Yeah. but...
It doesn't matt--
[inaudible falling sounds]
Is it safe? Are you good?
Yeah. I smell it too.
Looks pretty nice over there.
Alright. Claire. hear me out.
I don't think this is real.
I don't mean to talk shit
about Bliss yet again.
But just let me say this.
What if...
She's not here.
Being honest with yourself
is not defending yourself.
You're not being attacked.
I'm not pulling you
away from change.
like. the change
can stay and be real.
No. I'm not.
Claire. c'mon.
It's...she...
I don't think this is...maybe...
I'm sorry. Claire.
Don't move it yourself.
Why are you anxious?
Did what Guru Ben tell you
kinda mess you up?
Guru Ben.
You're doing a great job.
Uh. yeah. sure.
Talking.
Yeah. Claire told me to tell you
she'll be here soon.
I'll get some. uh...
Some B shots. I'll get some...
some. yeah.
I think I...
(sigh)
I know a guy. who might.
like. could help.
He owns an art gallery.
but. like...
He also helps people.
He's. uh...
Yeah. yeah. kinda like a doctor.
he. um...
He gets drugs. but. like.
good ones. like. um...
Like [censored]
And [censored]
And like [censored]
Do you wanna?
I mean. you said ego death.
so it made me think about it.
Let's do it.
Alright. let's do it.
Yeah. I'm sure.
Yeah.
If you. yeah. well. I don't know
if he's available right now.
But. yeah. we'll --
I'll text him.